OpenTracing Shim: Allow invalid but sampled SpanContext to be returned. (#3471)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/compatibility/opentracing.md

- `TextMap` and `HttpHeaders` formats MUST use their explicitly specified `TextMapPropagator`,
  if any, or else use the global `TextMapPropagator`.

> If the extracted `SpanContext` is invalid AND it is not sampled AND the extracted `Baggage`
> is empty, this operation MUST return a null value,
> and otherwise it MUST return a `SpanContext` Shim instance with the extracted values.

Reviewer: - `null` is a language specific term, can we use "empty" instead?
- "AND" doesn't have semantic significance and is distracting, can we use the lowercase instead?
- Adding commas around the independent baggage clause helps the syntax to better state what is parts are being evaluated.
- This is a run-on sentence. Can we split the case where the conditions are not met into their own sentence?

```suggestion
If the extracted `SpanContext` is invalid and not sampled, and the extracted `Baggage`
is empty, this operation MUST return an empty value. Otherwise, it MUST return a
`SpanContext` Shim instance with the extracted values.
```

Author: Agree with all with the exception of `empty` - what is an empty `SpanContext`? an invalid `SpanContext`? a non-recording `SpanContext`? Maybe `an empty (e.g. null)` instead?

Reviewer: > Maybe `an empty (e.g. null)` instead?

SGTM. Maybe `an empty (e.g. null, nil, None)`

- `TextMap` and `HttpHeaders` formats MUST use their explicitly specified `TextMapPropagator`,
  if any, or else use the global `TextMapPropagator`.

> If the extracted `SpanContext` is invalid AND it is not sampled AND the extracted `Baggage`
> is empty, this operation MUST return a null value,
> and otherwise it MUST return a `SpanContext` Shim instance with the extracted values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The operation MUST return a `SpanContext` Shim instance with the extracted values if any of these conditions are met:
  * `SpanContext` is valid
  * `SpanContext` is sampled
  * `SpanContext` contains non-empty extracted `Baggage`
Otherwise, the operation MUST return null or empty value.
```
